The job title field in the Project creation job information step requires users to select an exact name from 
a predefined list of available positions. This ensures consistency and standardization across the platform, 
avoiding the ambiguity that could arise from manually typed entries.
7.3.2.2 AI Assist in Project Creation Job Information Step
TO BE DECIDED WILL IT BE COMPLETELY REMOVED
7.3.2.2.1 Paste Job Description Text
Paste your job description text here and let our AI Assist analyze it.
7.3.3 Choose City (optional)
Select a city for this specific project, in which you wish to look for a candidate. If a city is added, 
it can be changed (customized) later in the search. Filling this field will help users to 
automatically trigger the Search directly from the Project.
7.3.4 Choose Country
Select a country for this specific project, in which you wish to look for a candidate. If country is 
added, it can be changed (customized) later in the search. Filling this field will help users to 
automatically trigger the Search directly from the Project.
7.3.5 Choose Radius
Select a radius for this specific project, in which you wish to look for a candidate. If radius is 
added, it can be changed (customized) later in the search. Filling this field will help users to 
automatically trigger the Search directly from the Project.
7.3.6 Choose Industry
Select an industry for this specific project in which you wish to look for a candidate. If industry is 
added, it can be changed (customized) later in the search. Filling this field will help users to 
automatically trigger the Search directly from the Project.
7.3.7 Must-Have Skills
Add all must-have skills that your candidate should possess. If must-have skills are added, they 
can be changed (customized) later in the search. Filling this field will help users to automatically 
trigger the Search directly from the Project.
7.3.8 Optional Skills
Add all optional skills that your candidate should possess. If optional skills are added, they can 
be changed (customized) later in the search. Filling this field will help users to automatically 
trigger the Search directly from the Project.