Filter options on the right side allow narrowing the candidate search based on criteria such as 
job title, name, skills, location, industry, years of experience, networks (e.g., LinkedIn), 
language, and employer. Filters include reset options to clear all applied filters.  We need to list 
all filters and maybe give explanations to some like previously at etc
A1.3.1.3 Project Analytics
The project analytics function in the Talentwunder app provides a comprehensive overview of 
the progress and success of a recruitment project. It allows recruiters to monitor and assess 
various candidate statuses and activities within a project. Visual representations and trends help  
users quickly understand how many candidates are in different recruitment phases and how 
these numbers change over time.
A1.3.1.3.1 Status Graphic – Trends of the Last 30 Days
A1.3.1.3.1.1 Entire Project
A1.3.1.3.1.2 Selected:  Candidates marked for further consideration.
A1.3.1.3.1.3 Contacted:  Candidates who have been reached out to.
A1.3.1.3.1.4 Rejected:  Candidates excluded from the process for various reasons.
A1.3.1.3.1.5 Accepted:  Candidates who gave positive feedback or accepted an offer.
A1.3.1.3.1.6 ATS Status:  Current status of candidates in the Applicant Tracking 
System.
We should explain the graph, not just the states from default template. Also we are missing 
description for other graphs from Analytics.
A1.3.1.4 Recommendations
The Recommendations feature in the Talentwunder app displays candidate profiles tailored to 
the requirements of a specific position. Each candidate is shown with a photo, location, job title, 
employer, and relevant work experience. Below the profile are the buttons " Accept" and 
"Decline" enabling recruiters to quickly assess the suitability of the candidate. Additional 
information on relocation willingness and job change likelihood is also available. We should also 
put the names of these: relocation willingness = Mobility and job change likelihood = Change 
Probability
A1.3.1.4.1 Decline/Accept
Next to the candidate's information are two buttons: "  Decline " and " Accept "
These buttons help assess how relevant a profile is for potential collaboration or alignment with 
the search criteria. - we need to explain that clicking accepts adds the candidate to the project 
into selected (first column) in Kanban.
A1.3.2 Edit Project via Three-Dot Function